Replace knative eventing with tm (#362)
triggermesh/docs: docs/guides/connectingclusters.md

ClusterSender components:

- `Broker` is the temporary storage for CloudEvents.
- `WebhookSource` is a CloudEvents producer that will send events to the Broker.

> - `CloudEventsTarget` will listen to CloudEvents and send them to an external location.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `CloudEventsTarget` is a CloudEvents consumer that receives events and then sends them to a user-configurable location.
```

```yaml
kind: Trigger
apiVersion: eventing.triggermesh.io/v1alpha1
metadata:
  name: all-events-to-cloudeventstarget
spec:
  broker:
    group: eventing.triggermesh.io
    kind: MemoryBroker

>     name: sender

Reviewer: name is a spec param?

### Receiving Events

> With all components being setup CloudEvents should be flowing from `WebhookSource` at the sender cluster to the `event-display` service at the receiver cluster. We can make sure by looking at the receiving service logs.

Reviewer: If we are going to remove the use of PingSource in favor of WebHookSource, we need to expand the documentation here to include steps &| sample requests to the WebHookSource. As of right now the documentation is written as if things should just be working with no farther steps.

Author: You're right that I forgot to add examples for the webhook requests to this guide. adding!
